Purpose: To learn about the PHP file, and get use to it by creating the webste.

Implementation:

index.php :
This template is the main homepage of Art by You website. 
Adapted the template of index.php from A2:
    Added the php code to upload the text and image from the database (About table).

about.php :
This template is the about page of Art by You website.
Adapted the about.php template from A2:
    Added the php code to uploade the text, story, and image from the database (About table).

post.php :
This template contains the post form, which allows to upload the file of artwork on the website(and other information about artwork).
Adapted the template from post.php from A2: 
    Removed the csv.file uploading method from php code, and replace with database uploading method to it.

aboutArtist.php:
this template contains the information of each artist from artists.php. 
Adapted the template from aboutArtist.php from A2:
    By using the database, added the connection to sql query to display the artist information by clicking specific artist from artist.php, and display their artworks on the website.

artists.php : 
this template contains the information about the artists. 
Added the php codes for connecting database to display the artists on the website from database by reading the file.

collections.php : 
this template contains the collections of themes. 
Added the php codes to display the list of themes from the database (Theme table). 

theme.php :
this template contains the collections of artwork that matches the specific themes.
Adapted the template from theme.php from A2:
    By connecting to database, display the artwork information by clicking specific theme from collections.php, and display their artworks on the website from Artwork table in database.
    Used the linked text to leads to aboutArtist.php for specific artist by clicking the artwork.

serverlogin.php:
This template contains the database hostname, username, password, and database name for loging to server.

Reference:
1. Modern Business - Template Preview - Start Bootstrap[Source code]. https://startbootstrap.com/previews/modern-business. [Date Accessed: Jan 25, 2023]
2. pictures. CSCI 2170 - Intro to Server Side Scripting, Brightspace. https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/248876/viewContent/3518943/View [Date Accessed: Feb.19, 2023]